Game idea : My game idea is a game that has a lot of adventure involved into it,
it's role playing game with of course a protagonist and an antagonist. The protagonist
would be a beginner at what he's doing so a noob and of course he's going to end up fighting
the antagonist who's very skilled at what he's doing, the way he fights.

Scenario and character description : The game would start in a small village where our protagonist
lives a very normal life with his mother. However, one day a certain incident is going to happen
and his hometown is going to be destroyed with all of his friends and relatives killed.
He's going to be a survivor with two of his friends.
The main character is going to have a lot of character devellopement throughout the story,
he's going to mature a lot and get very strong.
The protagonist has a love interest, a girl he likes and gets separated after what happened to their hometown
and thoughout the whole adventure he's going to attempt finding her again.
The protagonist has a friend/rival, he also likes the same girl as him and after they get
separated they're going to take their rivalry to a serious level to the point they become ennemies
temporariraly.
The antagonist is of course the final boss of my game idea, the person who caused all the chaos
in the whole world and our hero is going to face him at the end of the game.
Like I mentioned before, the game is going to start with our hero in his hometown playing with his friends
in 7 days, things are never going to be the way they were, the whole world is going to be in complete chaos
and the only survivors are going to be the hero and his 2 other friends.

Character's actions and goals : Our protagonist is going to find himself weilding a special weapon
after his hometown gets destroyed and will look for his two missing friends throughout his adventure.
The protagonist's love interest is going to be kidnapped by the antagonist and will be a damsel in distress
throughout most of the game.
Our protagonist rival/friend is going to get jealous of the hero and it's going to make them ennemies at a certain point
and will even try to kill his friend but luckly they become friends again at the end.
The antagonist is going to be responsible for the chaos and will be an obstacle for the entire game
until our hero stops his evil and foolish actions.

Game Win/Lose conditions : While we control the protagonist, he's going to have a health bar and of course,
if his health bar goes to 0, he dies and it's game over, in the game we have many boss battles,
if you win them than you gain more max health and level up until the end of the game.

Progression of levels : For the levels, it's going to be simple enough, you just have to defeat your ennemies, beat the bosses
and you're going to level up resulting you to gain more health limit, more attack damage, more speed an a lot more.

Sources of inspiration : A lot of games inspired me to think of an idea like this, like the Mario games, pokemon games
and a game franchies called Kingdom Hearts.

Skills/interests I am looking for in team mate : I am looking for people who are very good at character designs, who can share their opinions
on certain aspects and make me change my mind and I am of course looking for people who would be
ready to work with me and do their best with me.
